feat: persist function (#1465)
loopmediagroup/es-alchemy: README.md

#### index

> - `persist(folder: String)` - write indices to a specified folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `persist(folder: String)` - persist index versions to a specified folder (history of versions)
```
